Mithril update 2025-10-08 (#667)
IntersectMBO/cardano-updates: blog/2025-10-08-mithril.md

---
title: Mithril Team Update
slug: 2025-10-08-mithril
authors: jpraynaud
tags: [mithril]
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

## High level overview

> This week, the Mithril team focused on integrating the Haskell DMQ node with Mithril nodes and implementing the first phase of the decentralization of the configuration parameters. They have also completed the support for multiple proof systems in the STM library. Addtionally, they worked on some enhancements on the client library and CLI to provide access to Cardano database incremental snapshots by epoch.
> 
> Finally, the team fixed some flakiness in the CI and made progress refactoring the STM cryptographic library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This week, the Mithril team focused on integrating the Haskell DMQ node with Mithril nodes and implementing the first phase of decentralizing the configuration parameters. They have also completed the support for multiple proof systems in the STM library. Additionally, they worked on some enhancements to the client library and CLI to provide access to Cardano database incremental snapshots by epoch.

Finally, the team fixed some flakiness in the CI and made progress refactoring the STM cryptographic library.
```
